add docs for api-test (#565)
nextcloud/integration_openproject: README.md

cd $HOME/development/custom_apps/integration_openproject
npm run watch
```
> **_NOTE:_**  

> > Before API tests run, nextcloud instance needs to be ready, and also integration app needs to be enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Before running the API tests, the nextcloud instance needs to be ready, and also the integration app needs to be enabled
```

### API tests

> To run the whole acceptance test locally run the command below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the whole of the acceptance tests locally run the command below.
```

npm run watch
```

### API tests

> The API tests start a full Nextcloud server and openProject_integration apps.

Reviewer 2: i cannot understand this?

To run the tests locally
1. Setup nextcloud and enable `integration_openproject` apps.

> 2. Goto path `server/apps/integration_openproject`

Reviewer 2: these are not needed.

> 2. Run `NEXTCLOUD_BASE_URL=http://localhost/server make api-test`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Run `NEXTCLOUD_BASE_URL=http://localhost/server make api-test`
```

> In order to run the specific scenrio only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run only a specific scenario
```

```shell

> NEXTCLOUD_BASE_URL=http://localhost/server \                                                                                                                                            ─╯

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NEXTCLOUD_BASE_URL=http://localhost/server \                                                                                                                                            
```

There seem to be some unexpected characters.
